change to_check.guild to getattr() (#3101)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: changelog.d/3100.bugfix.rst

> change is_autmod_immune handling of guild check and support for checking webhooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix ``is_automod_immune`` handling of guild check and support for checking webhooks
```
